Just-in-time data mapping (#2099)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/2099.md

> - Renamed the 'direct-access' flag in `<receive-mesh direct-access="..." />` to 'api-access' `<receive-mesh api-access="..." />`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed the 'direct-access' flag in `<receive-mesh direct-access="..." />` to 'api-access' `<receive-mesh api-access="..." />` and deprecated `direct-access`.
```

> - The API functions "setMeshAccessRegion" and "getMeshVertexIDsAndCoordinates" require now the flag api-access="true". If not set, the function will throw an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the API functions "setMeshAccessRegion" and "getMeshVertexIDsAndCoordinates" to now require the flag api-access="true". If not set, the function will throw an error.
```
To make it clearer that we do not consider this breaking.

> - Fixed the API functions "setMeshAccessRegion" and "getMeshVertexIDsAndCoordinates" to now require the flag api-access="true". If not set, the function will throw an error.

Author: Extended the second point

> - When combining direct-mesh access with mappings, the function "getMeshVertexIDsAndCoordinates" will return only the vertices within the defined access region ("setMeshAccessRegion"). Setting an access region is mandatory if no other mapping is defined. In parallel it is anyway mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the behavior of the function "getMeshVertexIDsAndCoordinates", when combining direct-mesh access with mappings, to return only the vertices within the defined access region ("setMeshAccessRegion"). Setting an access region is mandatory if no other mapping is defined. In parallel, it has been mandatory anyway.
```

> - Added experimental support for an just-in-time mapping with NN and PU-RBF mapping via the new API functions 'mapAndReadData' and 'mapAndWriteData'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added experimental support for just-in-time mapping with NN and PU-RBF via the new API functions 'mapAndReadData' and 'writeAndMapData'.
```
